## Self Assessment: Faith Tremmel

As my college career comes to a close, I am excited to complete one final project utilizing the culmination of all my previous experiences. For our senior design project, my team has decided to develop a mobile application that allows families to keep track of household responsibilities. Since I have never developed a mobile application before, this project will give me the opportunity to further develop my skills, both technical and non-technical. In addition to learning some new skills, I will also be able to utilize the skills I have learned both in class and on co-op. This project will provide the perfect opportunity to allow me to showcase all the skills that I have previously learned, as well as develop some new ones. 

Over the course of the past four years, I have taken many courses that have helped me to develop the skills necessary to accomplish this type of project. Beginning with Computer Science 1 (CS1021C) and Python Programming (CS2021), I learned new programming languages that I had never previously used. These classes gave me a great introduction and foundation for the rest of my courses to build upon. Data Structures (CS2028C) provided me with many opportunities to work on a team to complete homework projects, allowing me to improve my teamwork skills. I further developed my collaboration skills during Software Engineering (EECE3093C) when working on a small team for our various programming assignments. This class also allowed me to improve my Java skills which my team will be using in our senior design project.

In addition to the skills I have learned during class, I have also gained valuable experience during my past five semesters of co-op. During my three semesters at Blubrry Podcasting as a Software Development Intern, I learned how the development process works in the real world. I also learned how to quickly adapt to new technologies and programming languages which will be a vital skill to have during our project since I have never created a mobile application in the past. During my last two semesters at Edaptive Computing as a Software Development Intern, I was also able to improve both my technical and non-technical skills. Since this co-op was a remote position, I had to learn how to become effective at communicating despite the lack of face-to-face interaction. During that co-op, I was also able to work on projects using Java which will carry over to our project since this will be one of the programming languages we plan to use. All of these skills I have gained over the past four years will help me contribute to my team’s project.

I am excited to be working on this project since it will allow me to utilize the skills I have learned over the course of my college career. Since I have never created a mobile application, I am excited to have the opportunity to work on a new type of project. In addition to the new skills I will learn, I am also excited to be working on an app that keeps track of household responsibilities. Since I grew up in a large family, I understand the importance of having a way to track chores and give rewards for them being accomplished. With the world increasingly becoming more technological, children are getting more used to using technology in everyday life. By designing an app that allows families to track and reward family members for accomplishing tasks, I believe it will help encourage children and other family members to help with household responsibilities.

For this project, my team plans on using an agile-like approach to developing our solution. Since we are planning on creating tasks in a sprint structure, I will be able to ensure that I have contributed a fair amount by completing my tasks on time. As a team, we will be able to look back at the past sprint during our weekly meetings and evaluate our accomplishments. This will allow us to stay on track with the project and ensure everyone contributes. In addition to developing using a sprint structure, we plan on testing our product on families to ensure that it is practical for families to use. We will use the information gained from testing to fix or improve features as necessary. Additionally, the feedback we receive from testing will indicate whether or not our project is complete. As long as we follow this general preliminary approach to our project, I believe we will be able to complete our project in a timely manner.
