
	For ChoreChamp, I was the UI/UX Designer. I was responsible for designing the app inside Figma and creating user stories. To do this, I had to spend about a week learning the capabilities of Figma and drawing designs. I had to make sure that the design was simple enough for children to use! Once those were approved by the team, I started working inside Figma to get the layouts. As soon as the layouts were done, I would send them to the rest of the team so they could mirror the design in Android Studios. I would also sit with them when we did group coding sessions to make sure the design was correct. Once the designs in Android Studio was done, I started creating flows in Figma to show our user personas and how they would use the application. This helped the team in mirroring what Android Studio should be. Lastly, I lead the presentation design. For this, I created a user persona that would easily show the attendees the features of our application. 
	I feel I have grown a lot since last semester. I wanted to learn more about Agile and development and I was successful in that! My biggest learning was Figma. I even started looking more into jobs in UI/UX because I enjoyed my time designing so much! I feel I was very successful in Figma and the design and I am very happy I was able to showcase that bit in our presentation. By mimicking Agile through working in sprints was beneficial to everyone because all of our jobs will be using it so it was nice to get a head start. 
	Overall, ChoreChamp was able to accomplish a lot! We have a working app that can track points and add tasks and rewards. I do wish that we were able to get the Android app a bit closer to the Figma but we had some unexpected delays with Android Studios. Our database is set up to handle all our future features of more complex tasks and task verification because we wanted to get these done. 
	Our team worked very well together! We all did what was asked of each other and helped each other when we could. I would say what struggled the most was time management because we all had a lot going on outside of the project but we really got it together in Spring! I learned that group work requires a lot of communication and accountability and I do believe our team did that well. Overall, I think everyone had a fair share in the creation of ChoreChamp. 

