# Self-Assessment: Briana Antiri

For my senior design project, my group is designing and developing an app for families/households to delegate household chores. This app will also have a reward system – mostly geared toward families with children so that parents can grant children’s requests based on if the number of points the children have accumulated. The goal of this app is to help people organize tasks such as cleaning, cooking, studying, etc. and have them listed in a singular app that can be shared with multiple people. The process of creating this app will involve a wireframing design process and developing a minimum viable product/prototype (MVP). We intend to use Object-Oriented Programming using Java in Android Studio. 
In order to work on our capstone project, I will be drawing knowledge from previous Data Structures (CS2028C) class. I plan to use the Object-Oriented Programming concepts we learned to implement the objects needed to create the app. Such objects would be Users, Tasks, Points, etc. I would also apply knowledge from our Database Design (CS4092). These concepts would be used for organizing a database of users, their corresponding tasks and corresponding point values if necessary. Another concept that we will implement is user authentication, something we learned in Information Security and Assurance (IT2030C) and Cloud Computing (CS6065) as well.
 
 
Personally, a lot of my co-op experience is relevant to this project. I have co-oped at Facebook for 3 summers doing mobile development. I initially learned iOS development using Objective-C during my first co-op where I worked in a team of interns to design and develop our own app. This experience taught me the processes of building an app from the ground up and how to divide tasks between individuals on a team. The following summer I worked on the Messenger Kids app for Android where I used Java to program a new feature. From this experience, I learned how to use Android Studio and update progress using Version control. 
The motivation behind our project is the fact that we all come from large families and have had experience with poor delegation of tasks between family members. This app is our solution to providing families with a framework to easily spread tasks among the household members with an additional reward system. This reward/ point system is to provide incentive to younger members in a household to actually complete tasks. Since more and more families are increasing the amount of technology in the household, this app could be one way to use the technology wisely. 


 My expectations for this project to have a functional product that allows users to register themselves and register a full household. Then they can create tasks that include a task description and point and the number of points associate with the task. There will also be a redeem option available for the admin of the household for whenever other members want to use their points. I will know that we’ve done a good job when we are able to test the app with our families. I will self-evaluate creating a checklist and breaking down the tasks needed to build the app into milestones. Hopefully together as a team we can delegate the tasks to reach milestones together. 

