# Self-Assessment: Troy Meadows
Over my four years of studying computer science, I have gained a wide range of knowledge and skills. Through my coursework and co-op experiences, I feel fully prepared to take on this senior capstone project with my teammates. For me, this senior capstone will be an opportunity to show what I've learned over this time and apply concepts learned in the classroom to solve real-world problems. I feel that I can use at least one thing from each of my classes and apply it to the work I will contribute to the project. Our project goal is to create an application that will be helpful for families seeking to get household tasks done more efficiently. Combining all of our academic and professional experiences will help us achieve our goal.

During my undergrad career I have take many classes that have prepared me to be successful during this project. I believe the classes that will be most relevant are Data Structures (CS2028), AI Principles and Applications (CS4033), Database Design & Development (CS4092), User Interface I (CS5167), and Software Engineering (EECE3093). Since my group has decided to do either a web or mobile application, we will need to design some mockups of the app, which is where my experience with User Interface will come in. We will also need to have a backend, so I'm hoping to use some of the concepts I learned in Database Design & Development to make this process easier. With most programs and applications, it is common to use class implementations to model objects. I can apply the knowledge I've learned in my Data Structures and Software Engineering classes to plan out the structure of these objects and methods.

I've had nice variety of co-op experiences that allowed me to gain knowledge and skills for different aspects of software engineering. During my first two co-op rotations I was a Software Engineer Intern at GE Aviation. I had the opportunity to become very familiar with data analysis and visualization using Python. This was also my first time having to work under the Agile development cycle. The second rotation gave me experience with formal software testing. I also learned to advocate for myself when I felt that I could've been taking on more work. My third and fourth co-op rotations I was a Web Developer Intern at a Cincinnati-based startup called MRI Online. This was my first experience contributing to a project where I could receive direct feedback from users. During my final co-op rotation I worked as a Global Technology Intern at Nike. This experience allowed me to greatly expand my network and work on projects that directly related to my interests. I was able to contribute to front-end web design using Figma, and I also developed a utility script using Python to migrate data from one source to another. I hope to use all the skills I have acquired from each co-op and apply them to this senior design project.

I am excited to get started with this project with my group. I think what excites me the most about the project is that we will have the opportunity to provide a solution to a problem that doesn't directly affect us. Our idea is to create an application that will help parents incentivize doing household tasks for each member of the family. Although this doesn't affect me now, I know that this a was a problem that even my parents dealt with when I was growing up, and it's still something parents wrestled with today. I am also excited to contribute to the design/prototyping phase of our application. Now that I have experience with this, I'm looking forward to how I can translate my skills to our project. Currently we have decided to develop an Android application, which is something I haven't had experience with before. Despite this, I'm sure that our group will be successful with development, and I hope that I can gain a new skill with Android development as well.

Because my group has decided to develop an application for a specified user type (families), I think it would be very helpful to conduct informal interviews with parents. Through the interviews, I would hope to get an understanding of current systems parents may have in place to get household tasks done, especially when it comes to the younger members of the family. I hope to go through a couple of rounds of designing the application before creating a prototype for it. I also hope to focus more on the backend of the app since I don't have any experience with front end android development. By the end, I that my group can develop a fully functional application that could be ready to push to the Google Play store if we wanted. In order to be a successful teammate, I would like to attend as many group meetings as possible, help my group members when they need it, and complete any tasks delegated to me.